SALTA Studio

SALTA Studio (logo image: "salta-logo.png")
Author: noumena ashitaka hundimägi-mei
Date: (rendered by JavaScript at runtime)

Abstract
I created SALTA Studio out of the (almost desperate) need to tell stories. Once, I heard Alan Moore say that storytelling is almost shamanic. That it was the shamans of the Paleolithic era who started the tradition. I found that interesting, to say the least. I have many unwritten stories. I have far fewer that are written. I promise you, I have a brain full of useless information and somehow I still have room for stories within stories. Of course, none of that means they're good. They're great for me. And I can only hope someone else finds hope, or at least warm feelings, when they read them. If you find something useful here, feel free to let me know.
You can figure out how to reach me.
You have my thanks

PS: If you feel like illustrating something, feel free. If you want that but in a collaboration, hit me.

1. Short Stories
A bunch of very short, badly written stories. Too personal, but I dunno what else to write.

- One — PDF: one.pdf
- Find It — PDF: find-it.pdf
- The Shaman — PDF: the-shaman.pdf
- Asgan — 35%

Note: I have no idea why I call them short stories. They are short for sure.

2. Children Books
For some weird reason, I think kids could read my stories. Maybe that's projection, but honestly, children can handle a lot more than we adults assume.

- Teteo — PDF: teteo.pdf

Note: Someone once told me my stories were too intense and obscure for children. I'm not so sure.

3. Graphic Novels
I collect graphic novels. I've tried writing a few over the years, usually for the wrong reasons. Now I've started my own saga, and I’ve got a couple ideas for one-off graphic novels too.

- Kaíven — Chapter One — PDF: kaiven-gn.pdf
- Medea — As Above So Below — PDF: medea.pdf
- Waves — Echoes In The Sea — PDF: waves.pdf

Note: Sometimes I think I should learn to draw or learn to direct animation. My artistic limitations frustrate me.

4. Misc
These are LaTeX snippets for my stories and related notes and lore of my cosmologies.

4.1 Snippets
[Image: Dialogue snippet] (dialogue.png)
Caption: Figure 1: How I do dialogues.

[Image: Graphic Novel snippet] (graphic-novels.png)
Caption: Figure 1: How I do panel, pages and captions.

- Character Development — Cheatsheet — PDF: character-development-sheet.pdf
- Book — Snippets — PDF: book-template.pdf

Note: Useful snippets to DRY my stuff

4.2 Lore
- Aeluun — Cheatsheet — PDF: aeluun.pdf

Notes: this is very early conlang but I'm working on making it better.
